Feature Minutes to First Response (#408)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/opportunity.md

<img class="screenshot" alt="Quotation Lost Reason" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/quotation_lost_reason.png">

> #### 2.7 Minutes to First Response to the Opportunity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.7 Minutes to First Response
```

> When you sent first reply(email) to opportunity, it calculates Mins to First Response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you send the first reply(email) to an Opportunity, it calculates Mins to First Response and is displayed in a field.
```

> Report for the same can be found [here](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/crm_reports) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A report is generated called 'Minutes to First Response for Opportunity'. For more details [click here](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/crm_reports).
```
